.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution Guidelines

Thanks for your interest in contributing to this website! Here are a few guidelines that will help accelerate your process.

## What are good things to contribute?

- Code that resolves [any open issues](https://github.com/kjy5/honors-portfolio/issues) **not pertaining to website content**. Website content would mean artifacts I would add to my honors portfolio.
- Add new issues highlighting bugs you have found!
- Code that fixes bugs you have found!

## Steps to contribute

1. Create an issue detailing what you want to accomplish
2. Fork this repo and make your changes
3. Make a pull request, referencing the issue you made in step #1 (use the "fixes" or "closes" keywords to link your issue to the PR)
4. I'll review and merge the PR if it looks good to me!

## Where can I find documentation for how to contribute

- I heavily comment my code in JSDoc style
- The [Wiki](https://github.com/kjy5/honors-portfolio/wiki) for this repo contains pertinent info for coding

## Code of Conduct

If you have any questions or concerns, take a look at this repo's Code of Conduct, and don't hesitate to reach out to me!

Commit message:

Contributing_upgrade (#74)
* Remind to mention if user will code

* Updated templates

* Format code with standardjs and prettier

Co-authored-by: deepsource-autofix[bot] <62050782+deepsource-autofix[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution Guidelines

Thanks for your interest in contributing to this website! Here are a few guidelines that will help accelerate your process.

## What are good things to contribute?

- Code that resolves [any open issues](https://github.com/kjy5/honors-portfolio/issues) **not about website content**. Website content would mean artifacts I would add to my honors portfolio.
- Add new issues highlighting bugs you have found!
- Code that fixes bugs you have found!

## Steps to contribute

1. Create an issue detailing what you want to accomplish
   1. Follow the templates provided!
   2. Be sure to also highlight if you intend to also write code to implement your request or if you are simply raising awareness for an issue or feature.
2. Fork this repo and make your changes
3. Make a pull request, referencing the issue you made in step #1 (use the "fixes" or "closes" keywords to link your issue to the PR)
4. I'll review and merge the PR if it looks good to me!

## Where can I find documentation for how to contribute

- I heavily comment my code in JSDoc style
- The [Wiki](https://github.com/kjy5/honors-portfolio/wiki) for this repo contains pertinent info for coding

## Code of Conduct

If you have any questions or concerns, take a look at this repo's Code of Conduct, and don't hesitate to reach out to me!
