---
layout: ../../../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
return: "scientist"
---

# Research Experiential Learning

Over the summer I began my first official research experience in the Virtual
Brain Lab within the Steinmetz Lab for neuroscience at UW, led by Dr. Dan
Birman. This marked the beginning of my primary avenue for applying CS
coursework practically—exactly the hands-on learning environment I thrive in.

Working in this interdisciplinary setting allowed me to exercise my computer
science skills with real impacts on the wider neuroscience community, perfectly
embodying my learn-by-doing philosophy. Rather than completing theoretical
exercises, I took ownership of meaningful projects serving researchers globally.
My work continued through fall quarter as experiential learning, providing
sustained engagement to solidify new concepts through practical application.

This research became the foundation for my industry research goals, giving me my
first taste of how academic concepts translate into real-world tools. I've
learned invaluable skills including teamwork, presenting developments to peers,
and receiving feedback from neuroscience experts worldwide—experiences extending
far beyond any coursework.

The impact became evident when my work was shared at the 2022 Society for
Neuroscience conference. We gained significant interest in our Pinpoint
development, including partnerships with companies like New Scale for their
electrophysiology equipment. This validation reinforced how research provides
the ideal environment to apply knowledge and see tangible field impact.

I look forward to continuing in the Steinmetz Lab, as this project serves as the
practical foundation for applying my evolving CS knowledge.

## Post Experience Reflection

> My work in research over the past autumn quarter has been incredibly productive
and rewarding to my experience in the research field. My goals for this period
were to expand upon my work on Pinpoint from over the summer and begin
implementing automation systems to drive electrophysiology. During my time over
the quarter, not only was I able to make a great start at implementing
automation features into Pinpoint, but I was also fortunate enough to be able to
have my work shared at the Society for Neuroscience (SfN) conference in San
Diego! My mentor, who was also presenting a poster on Pinpoint there,
demonstrated the new automation and electrophysiology manipulator control
systems to an audience of excited neuroscience researchers from around the
world. I was also able to have my name represented on the poster my mentor
presented! Overall, this quarter has been an incredible experience pushing
forward Pinpoint. In addition to the successful demos and pilot stage of the
automation features, we’ve been able to receive plenty of feedback from other
experts in the field who are excited to integrate Pinpoint into their labs and
reaccelerate their research! I’m excited to continue working on Pinpoint with
the Steinmetz Lab and hope that by the summer we will be able to share this
automation system with the wider neuroscience community outside of our lab as a
finished product.