# Learning Statement

## TL;DR

I learn best by doing. So I focused on research where I could apply my
coursework to work on practical projects with real impact on the world.

## The Long Version

I learn best by doing. Having a practical place to use things I have learned has
been the best way for me to solidify new concepts. At UW, I used my personal,
club, and research projects as the practical place where I could apply my
coursework and learn by doing.

UW, renowned as a research institution, provided the ideal environment to bring
this learning approach to life. Recognizing the opportunity this presented, I
made research engagement a central priority of my undergraduate experience.
Research allowed me not only to apply academic concepts practically but also to
actively shape and direct projects, distinguishing the experience significantly
from internships. In research, I could take ownership of outcomes and drive the
trajectory of projects in alignment with my long-term career goals of entering
industry research.

My initial research endeavor at UW was developing surgical automation tools
specifically for neuroscientists. This project resonated deeply with my learning
philosophy and the core values of the Honors Programâ€”interdisciplinarity,
reflection, and experiential learning. By integrating computer science with
neuroscience, I found myself at the intersection of diverse disciplines,
continually reflecting and iterating upon my work. This ongoing process of
refinement helped me evolve not only as a researcher but also as a leader in
this specialized area. My efforts directly impacted both my lab environment and
the broader global user community, allowing me to see firsthand how my
interdisciplinary skills translated into tangible improvements and innovations.

In pursuit of my ultimate ambition to become a computer science researcher, I
expanded my research engagement beyond neuroscience. I actively participated in
formal computer science research projects within software engineering and
computer graphics. Each project further validated and strengthened my commitment
to applying theoretical knowledge practically. They provided new contexts to
apply my skills, broadening my perspective and deepening my academic and
professional competencies. Each research opportunity became a building block in
my broader educational architecture, guiding me closer to my goal of a career in
industry research.

This portfolio is a reflective overview of my undergraduate journey, structured
around my passion for computer graphics and my career goals of industry
research. As you navigate through it, you will find insights into the decisions
I made, the opportunities I embraced, and how each contributed meaningfully to
my growth and preparation for future endeavors. The portfolio demonstrates my
engagement with learning through active application, and interdisciplinary
exploration, shaping who I am today and leading the way to where I go next.

Looking forward, my next step in my career is to pursue graduate studies in
computer graphics. My experiences at UW have strategically positioned me for
this transition. Graduate education represents both an opportunity and a
necessity for advancing my qualifications and deepening my research
capabilities, ultimately preparing me to make impactful contributions to
industry research. The values and educational philosophies developed here at UW
will continue to guide and influence my journey, shaping how I learn, grow, and
innovate in future spaces.

